=== SYSTEMS LTD PROJECT DOCUMENT ===
Project: Logistics Mobile App Prototype
=== METADATA ===
{
  "document_type": "meeting_notes",
  "project_name": "Logistics Mobile App Prototype",
  "vendor": "Systems Ltd",
  "client": "Local Logistics Co.",
  "project_code": "SL-1580-None",
  "meeting_type": "Crisis Meeting",
  "date": "2025-03-21T18:40:56.842804",
  "location": "Karachi HQ",
  "duration": "64 minutes"
}

=== CONTENT ===
## Meeting Notes: Logistics Mobile App Prototype - Crisis/Status Review

**Date:** October 26, 2023
**Time:** 10:05 AM - 11:30 AM (Started late)
**Location:** Virtual (Zoom)

**Project:** SL-1580-None - Logistics Mobile App Prototype
**Client:** Local Logistics Co.
**Key Issue:** User Adoption Problems

**Attendees:**

*   **Sarah Chen (Project Manager):** (Arrived 10:15 AM)
*   **Mark Jenkins (Lead Developer):**
*   **Emily Carter (UX Designer):**
*   **David Lee (Client Liaison - Local Logistics Co.):** (Arrived 10:10 AM)
*   **Jessica Rodriguez (QA Lead):**
*   **Ben Gupta (Business Analyst):** (Left early, 11:15 AM)

---

**Meeting Objective:** Review current status of the Logistics Mobile App Prototype, specifically addressing the low user adoption and the impact of the recent funding cutoff. Discuss potential next steps.

---

**Discussion Points & Notes:**

*   **Welcome & Introductions (Late Start):** Sarah apologized for the late start, citing a "technical glitch" with her internet. David mentioned he was waiting on hold for a call with his internal team.
*   **Project Overview & Current Status:**
    *   Sarah reiterated the project's goal: a prototype for LTL and FTL carriers, with features for drivers (routes, delivery status) and dispatchers (tracking).
    *   **Key Issue: User Adoption:** Downloads are under 1,000. This is significantly below expectations.
    *   **Project Status:** Project is currently paused due to a funding cutoff from Local Logistics Co. David confirmed this, but seemed hesitant to elaborate on the exact reasons beyond "budgetary realignments." [CLIENT CONFIDENTIAL]
*   **User Adoptio
[Important decision made without key stakeholder]
n Deep Dive:**
    *   Emily presented some initial findings from user feedback surveys. Lots of comments about the interface being "clunky" and "not intuitive."
    *   Mark countered, saying the backend architecture is solid and the API integrations are performing well. He mentioned the data sync is "rock solid" â€“ which contradicts Jessica's earlier report about intermitt
[Attendee left early for another
[Important decision made without key stakeholder]
 meeting]
ent sync issues.
    *   Jessica: "Yeah, but the driver app kept crashing on older Android versions. We flagged that in the last sprint review, remember? The one we didn't have a full quorum for."
    *   Ben: "The onboarding process also seems to be a major hurdle. Users aren't understanding how to even get started. We need better in-app tutorials, or maybe a quick start guide."
    *   Sarah: "But the client specifically requested minimal onboarding to keep it lean. That was in the original SOW, wasn't it?"
    *   Emily: "The SOW was for a *prototype*. We're seeing real-world usage now, and the prototype's limitations are becoming apparent. The driver workflow for updating delivery status is too many taps."
    *   Mark: "The tap count is optimized for efficiency. We used industry best practices. Maybe the drivers just need more training."
    *   David: "Training is not our responsibility. The app should be self-explanatory. We invested in this because we thought it would *simplify* things for our drivers, not add another layer of complexity."
    *   **FOLLOW UP:** What are the exact download numbers by driver role (LTL vs. FTL)? (No one seemed to have this readily available).
    *   **FOLLOW UP:** What specific feedback did the drivers give during the pilot phase? (Ben mentioned he had some notes but couldn't find the file).
*   **Technical Debt & Performance:**
    *   Mark brought up the "legacy database schema" that's causing some performance bottlenecks, especially with real-time tracking. He said it's "manageable" but would be better to refactor.
    *   Jessica: "Manageable? We're seeing latency spikes that are impacting the dispatcher view. It's not just a minor inconvenience."
    *   Sarah: "We don't have the budget for a refactor right now anyway. We need to focus on getting adoption up with the current build."
    *   Emily: "But if the app isn't reliable, adoption will *never* improve. It's a vicious cycle."
    *   **FOLLOW UP:** Can we get a clear list of the critical technical debt items impacting user experience? (Mark said he'd "put something together").
*   **Funding & Future:**
    *   David reiterated that funding is currently frozen. He couldn't give a timeline for when it might be reinstated or what the new budget might look like.
    *   Sarah: "So, are we officially on hold indefinitely? Or is there a possibility of a phased approach if funding becomes available?"
    *   David: "That's what we're trying to figure out internally. We need to see if this prototype aligns with our revised strategic priorities."
    *   Ben: "This is a major setback. We were hoping to leverage this for the Q4 rollout." (Ben left the meeting shortly after this comment).
    *   Sarah: "So, no new development, no bug fixes, no further user testing until we get clarity?"
    *   David: "Essentially, yes. Unless there's a critical security vulnerability, we're in a holding pattern."
    *   Mark: "So all those performance improvements we discussed for the next iteration are just... gone?"
    *   Sarah: "For now, Mark. We need to be realistic."
*   **Off-Topic Discussion:** Mark went on a tangent about the benefits of a microservices architecture for future scalability, which Sarah quickly steered him away from.
*   **Decision Walkback:** Earlier, Sarah suggested a quick "patch" to address the most glaring UI issues. However, after Mark's comments about the database and Jessica's concerns about stability, she backtracked, saying it might be better to wait for a clearer picture before making any more changes.
*   **Next Steps (Unclear):**
    *   Sarah to "follow up with David" on the funding situation and strategic priorities.
    *   Emily to "refine" her user feedback analysis.
    *   Mark to "look into" the database performance issues.
    *   Jessica to "document" the critical bugs.
    *   David to "relay" our concerns to his internal team.

---

**Action Items (Unassigned/Unscheduled):**

*   Get updated download numbers by driver type.
*   Compile detailed driver feedback from pilot.
*   Create a prioritized list of technical debt impacting UX.
*   Clarify funding status and future project viability with Local Logistics Co.

---

**Meeting Adjourned:** 11:30 AM